Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025 Concludes` news post (#12895)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes.md

The second map highlight-worthy was [Raimukun - Nyarlathotep's Dreamland](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325126#mania/4983819) (LN2) by [Enie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11976455), who was able to perfectly capture a new style of LN Density by featuring a lot longer long notes. To no one's surprise, this map posed a considerable challenge for the players — understandably so! The map is really dense after all. Despite the dense patterning, the chart also incorporates a generous amount of comfortable patterns, which somewhat offsets the difficulty brought on by its density.

But what about the new track that was teased a couple paragraphs ago? Fret not, for we wanted to give it the attention it deserves, alongside its artist who will be joining us as a Featured Artist moving forward. Drum roll, please!

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes/Lost_Requiem_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325151)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/459/Songs/Ludicin%20-%20Lost%20Requiem.mp3">
    </audio>

> </div>

Author: Hmm, sure. Think it fits better after previewing it.

---
layout: post
title: osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025 Concludes
date: 2025-03-02 23:59:59 +0000
---

The curtains close once more, and the tournament's victors have finally been crowned! Join us for the last recap of the osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes/banner.jpg)

What an amazing year this was! Not only did we get to experience a new take on the 7K World Cup with the plethora of changes that have been made to the format and production value of the series, but we may have got to witness the most exciting tournament to date. From new teams becoming legends overnight, to old rivalries clashing once (or twice) again this year.

While we have tons to cover for the Grand Finals recap, let's take a quick break to congratulate this year's champions, shall we?

## Summary

![MWC 7K 2025 podium](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K/img/mwc7k2025-podium.jpg)

> Congratulations to ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea for winning 2025's first official World Cup! With this win, South Korea has amassed a total of **13 total osu!mania World Cup wins** under their belt between 4K and 7K, 8 of them being in 7K. A feat easier said that done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations to ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea for winning 2025's first official World Cup! With this win, South Korea has amassed a total of **13 total osu!mania World Cup wins** under their belt between 4K and 7K, 8 of them being in 7K. A feat easier said than done!
```

</div>

Without further ado, let's get into last week's match highlight. And contrary to what you may be expecting, this wasn't the match to decide the victors but rather its runner-up!

### ::{ flag=CN }:: China vs. ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117264672)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2388073702)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/971jZsacy4M?start=23&end=288" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

Coming in hot from their Semifinals match, China and the Philippines faced off once again after China's initial 6–4 score. This made it possible for China to achieve their first Grand Finals appearance since 2022! However, the Philippines came back stronger than before after their hard-fought victory against Japan, seeking revenge for their previous loss. This made for one of the most intense and nerve-wracking matches of Grand Finals — let alone the entire tournament!

> Unsurprisingly, both teams stuck to their original strategies. While China opted to focus on the rice pool by protecting [DJ Raisei - T.R.A.P.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325366#mania/4984357) (EX1) and banning [Ludicin - Signal](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325160#mania/4983871) (HB2), the Philippines protected [Aoi - excez](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325127#mania/4983820) (LN1) and banned [BilliumMoto - 100 Carat Smoke Point](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325114#mania/4983791) (RC4). China's strategy proved to be the successful one, winning them their first pick on the protect map by a landslide 73,986-point lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsurprisingly, both teams stuck to their original strategies. While China opted to focus on the rice pool by protecting [DJ Raisei - T.R.A.P.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325366#mania/4984357) (EX1) and banning [Ludicin - Signal](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325160#mania/4983871) (HB2), the Philippines protected [Aoi - excez](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325127#mania/4983820) (LN1) and banned [BilliumMoto - 100 Carat Smoke Point](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325114#mania/4983791) (RC4). China's strategy proved to be the successful one, winning them their first pick on the protected map by a landslide 73,986-point lead.
```

The Philippines quickly responded by picking [Raimukun - Nyarlathotep's Dreamland](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325126#mania/4983819) (LN2). China adjusted by switching players to ::{ flag=CN }:: [[Crz]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178) and ::{ flag=CN }:: [VanWilder](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/89545) to counter the long note–heavy chart. The Philippines held their ground, however, scoring a comfortable first win thanks to ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s as the MVP of the match and their impressive 978,133 score.

> This initial back-and-forth was an omen of what was to come, with each team dominating their respective picks. During this skirmish, there were some notable moments such as the Philippines choice of [rejection - Aimai Attitude (feat. Nakamura Sanso)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325129#mania/4983823) (LN3) and [Aoi - excez](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325127#mania/4983820) (LN1) which were promptly won by them, or the Chinese rice counter-attack with [Junk - Aihana](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325135#mania/4983834) (RC3), allowing ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) to excel with a full combo 983,858 score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This initial back-and-forth was an omen of what was to come, with each team dominating their respective picks. During this skirmish, there were some notable moments such as the Philippines' choice of [rejection - Aimai Attitude (feat. Nakamura Sanso)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325129#mania/4983823) (LN3) and [Aoi - excez](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325127#mania/4983820) (LN1) which were promptly won by them, or the Chinese rice counter-attack with [Junk - Aihana](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325135#mania/4983834) (RC3), allowing ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) to excel with a full combo 983,858 score.
```

> Both teams traded blows up until the scoreboard hit the 5–5 mark. A critical point for the both teams! China stayed true to their strategy and picked [Super Psychic Fujy - Dark Avatara Beam (Le Dos-on Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325303#mania/4984227) (RC2). Much to everyone's surprise, this resulted in a much narrower score gap than anticipated. With ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s flawless performance of 987,636 points, the Philippines got incredibly close to winning! Much to their dismay however, China won the pick by a relatively slim margin of 8,704 points, squeezing the very last points they could on the map's ending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both teams traded blows up until the scoreboard hit the 5–5 mark. A critical point for both teams! China stayed true to their strategy and picked [Super Psychic Fujy - Dark Avatara Beam (Le Dos-on Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325303#mania/4984227) (RC2). Much to everyone's surprise, this resulted in a much narrower score gap than anticipated. With ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s flawless performance of 987,636 points, the Philippines got incredibly close to winning! Much to their dismay however, China won the pick by a relatively slim margin of 8,704 points, squeezing the very last points they could on the map's ending.
```

- Last but not least, ::{ flag=KR }:: [dressurf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406) technical prowess was showcased on [The Flashbulb - Six Acid Strings](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318102#mania/4964713) (RC4) during the [Semifinals](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap) with an amazing score of 991k.

Again, highlighting the best of the best scores is no easy task. If we could, we'd highlight them all!

## osu! originals

It is very easy to underestimate the effort being put into the commissioning process behind every single brand-new track. And yet despite all odds, this year's 7K World Cup has given us **7** new [osu! originals](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music#official-tournament-releases) for the osu! community to enjoy! This year was able to boast of a wide variety of genres. Moreover, artists previously uninvolved with commissions such as [Marmalade butcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/220) have taken their chance to debut in this year's tournament!

For those interested in the maps that accompanied these amazing tracks, please check the [mappool recap](#mappool-recap) section of previous recaps.

> ### Quartefinals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quarterfinals
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

It's hard to ignore all the changes that have taken place this year. How does the team feel about these changes, in particular the change to the mappool format? What about the addition of Round of 32, has this made the tournament ever so slightly more competitive?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7304158" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Crusher.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7304158">Crusher</a></p>

> In my opinion, the tournament has definitely improved from previous years thanks to the addition of Round of 32 and the EX category. These changes made the tournament more competitive and interesting. In fact, these were quite attractive and necessary to players. As the length of the tournament is longer than last year's, there were more things to see. The production value of the tournament has increased, and the addition of Round of 32 gave more players a chance to play in MWC compared to before. Ultimately, I believe this was the key to make MWC 7K as big as it was this year. The pools need to adapt to the players' rapid increase of skill, which is why I think the addition of EX bracket was a good choice! I believe trying out new things will always be something positive for the tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In my opinion, the tournament has definitely improved from previous years thanks to the addition of Round of 32 and the EX category. These changes made the tournament more competitive and interesting. In fact, these were quite attractive and necessary to players. As the length of the tournament is longer than last year's, there were more things to see. The production value of the tournament has increased, and the addition of Round of 32 gave more players a chance to play in MWC compared to before. Ultimately, I believe this was the key to make MWC 7K as big as it was this year. The pools need to adapt to the players' rapid increase of skill, which is why I think the addition of the EX bracket was a good choice! I believe trying out new things will always be something positive for the tournament.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/dressurf.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406">dressurf</a></p>

> I believe extending the bracket to the Rround of 32 provided a fresh and exciting atmosphere for the event. If more people participate in the MWC in the future, it seems fine keeping up the Round of 32 next year too. It would be a net positive to improve the tournament's atmosphere. My only nitpick was that the EX mappool didn't really feel as hard as the name may've suggested. Other than that, I'm really thankful for the team's efforts this year by providing such great mappools! I had a great time playing them all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I believe extending the bracket to the Round of 32 provided a fresh and exciting atmosphere for the event. If more people participate in the MWC in the future, it seems fine keeping up the Round of 32 next year too. It would be a net positive to improve the tournament's atmosphere. My only nitpick was that the EX mappool didn't really feel as hard as the name may've suggested. Other than that, I'm really thankful for the team's efforts this year by providing such great mappools! I had a great time playing them all.
```

The overall quality of this year's mappool was really cool! The song choices were also good, which made it really enjoyable to play this year's charts throughout the tournament. Thank you for all the staff's hard work!

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2071008" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/yz1155.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2071008">yz1155</a></p>

I want to praise whoever suggested adding the Round of 32. For me, World Cups aren't just a competition to determine a team's rank, but rather a joyful international event for gamers. There are hardly any events in 7K after all, so the World Cup is the only event where we get to enjoy this environment. It's just my very subjective opinion, but at the end of the day it doesn't really matter which team wins. The most important thing is for everyone to enjoy this "fiesta"!

</div>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes/Ludicin.png)

> More than likely, [Ludicin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8659666) needs little to no introduction! This is, in fact, not their first rodeo in the game as they've previously composed [Echoes of Memoria](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2214238#mania/4691422) for [The Perennial 2024](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1924994?n=1), as well as the [myriad of ranked sets](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?q=artist%3D%22%22Ludicin%22%22) they were featured in!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More than likely, [Ludicin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8659666) needs little to no introduction! This is, in fact, not their first rodeo in the game as they've previously composed [Echoes of Memoria](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2214238#mania/4691422) for [The Perennial 2024](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1924994?n=1), as well as the [myriad of Ranked sets](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?q=artist%3D%22%22Ludicin%22%22) they were featured in!
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

We're glad to see you took the chance to become a Featured Artist! Will this encourage you to take on more projects in the community? Has this year's experience been gratifying for you?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8659666" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Ludicin.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-fa" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8659666">Ludicin</a></p>

This was definitely a fun experience! I would definitely like to be a part of more projects in the osu! community, but we will see!

</div>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes/TheFunk-and-CrewK.png)

> To many people's surprise, this year's design team had two well-known osu!mania users on board! While some users may already know about [TheFunk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13981991) and [CrewK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11488604)'s side hustles having seen their work throughout the years, fewer people know on their involvement in the official World Cup Design Team. With that said, let us give them the opportunity to talk about their creative thought process throughout the tournament! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To many people's surprise, this year's design team had two well-known osu!mania users on board! While some users may already know about [TheFunk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13981991) and [CrewK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11488604)'s side hustles having seen their work throughout the years, fewer people know about their involvement in the World Cup design team. With that said, we'd like to hear about their creative thought process for this tournament.
```

---

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10365024" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Sakura006.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10365024">Sakura006</a></p>

> Both of you are well-known in the mania 4K tournament scene. Can you each briefly introduce yourselves and share what sparked your interest in applying to join the World Cup Design Team as visual effects designers?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both of you are well-known in the mania 4K tournament scene. Can you each briefly introduce yourselves and share what sparked your interest in applying to join the World Cup design team as visual effect designers?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11488604" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/CrewK.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11488604">CrewK</a></p>

I believe that one of the biggest advantages of collaborative work is the ability to complement each other's strengths and weaknesses, ultimately improving the overall quality of the final product.

This applies not only to brainstorming as I mentioned earlier, but also to the ability to give and receive technical feedback, which I found to be incredibly valuable.

</div>

---

Hopefully the interviews we had throughout the last couple of months gave everyone a glimpse into the tournament's inner workings. None of this would've been possible without the [team](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K#organisation) that arranged the tournament, the [players](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K#participants) who gave their all, and you — the community who supported both throughout the tournament!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes/mwc7k2025-credits.png)

> We want to extend our heartfelt thanks to everyone involved in making this possible, and as much as it pains us to say it, we'll have to tune out untill next year! Nevertheless, the World Cups will go on. The osu!taiko World Cup 2025 is right around the corner, so make sure to keep an eye out for it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to extend our heartfelt thanks to everyone involved in making this possible, and as much as it pains us to say it, we'll have to tune out until next year! Nevertheless, the World Cups will go on. The osu!taiko World Cup 2025 is right around the corner, so make sure to keep an eye out for it!
```

This initial back-and-forth was an omen of what was to come, with each team dominating their respective picks. During this skirmish, there were some notable moments such as the Philippines choice of [rejection - Aimai Attitude (feat. Nakamura Sanso)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325129#mania/4983823) (LN3) and [Aoi - excez](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325127#mania/4983820) (LN1) which were promptly won by them, or the Chinese rice counter-attack with [Junk - Aihana](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325135#mania/4983834) (RC3), allowing ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) to excel with a full combo 983,858 score.

> Both teams traded blow up until the scoreboard hit the 5–5 mark. A critical point for the both teams! China stayed true to their strategy and picked [Super Psychic Fujy - Dark Avatara Beam (Le Dos-on Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325303#mania/4984227) (RC2). Much to everyone's surprise, this resulted in a much narrower score gap than anticipated. With ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s flawless performance, with a 987,636 point score, the Philippines got incredibly close to winning! Much to their dismay however, China won the pick by a relatively slim margin of 8,704 points, squeezing the very last points they could on the map's ending.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both teams traded blows up until the scoreboard hit the 5–5 mark. A critical point for the both teams! China stayed true to their strategy and picked [Super Psychic Fujy - Dark Avatara Beam (Le Dos-on Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325303#mania/4984227) (RC2). Much to everyone's surprise, this resulted in a much narrower score gap than anticipated. With ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s flawless performance of 987,636 points, the Philippines got incredibly close to winning! Much to their dismay however, China won the pick by a relatively slim margin of 8,704 points, squeezing the very last points they could on the map's ending.
```

> With the scoreboard being at 6–5 in China's favour, the Philippines had to make a tough choice: [MisomyL - Coming*True!!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325139#mania/4983838) (HB1) or [Genesis - Absolute Evil](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325148#mania/4983851) (EX3). They ultimately chose the former, a reasonable choice due to its easier patterns and lower physical demands which benefited their team. The Philippines started strong, taking an early lead, but with ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s unfortunate misses, China was allowed to regain their footing. Despite a flurry of misses coming from both sides in the final stretch of the map, the Philippines' mistakes proved very costly, and China claimed the last victory they needed with a 2,786-point lead, denying the Philippines' final chance to come back and thus, their win.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the scoreboard at 6–5 in China's favour, the Philippines had to make a tough choice: [MisomyL - Coming*True!!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325139#mania/4983838) (HB1) or [Genesis - Absolute Evil](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325148#mania/4983851) (EX3). They ultimately chose the former, a reasonable choice due to its easier patterns and lower physical demands which benefited their team. The Philippines started strong, taking an early lead, but with ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s unfortunate misses, China was allowed to regain their footing. Despite a flurry of misses coming from both sides in the final stretch of the map, the Philippines' mistakes proved very costly, and China claimed the last victory they needed with a 2,786-point lead, denying the Philippines' final chance to come back and thus, their win.
```

Both teams delivered a performance worthy of admiration, making the match very thrilling and unpredictable up until the very end. Congratulations to China, who were now able to face off against South Korea in the last match of the tournament! The Philippines also deserves our utmost praise for their efforts, making every match they were in very entertaining to watch. We hope to see them return even stronger in the future to reclaim the 7K World Cup Champions title that they once held!

## Score highlights

Some of the scores we saw throughout the Grand Finals weekend put the cherry on the top of what has already been a very special MWC 7K cake. It's really hard to pick individual scores from such performant players, however. In light of this, we've decided to highlight one player from each team to spotlight their best performing scores!

> - Of the many charts ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) has played last weekend, including the show match, their performance on [rejection - Aimai Attitude (feat. Nakamura Sanso)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325129#mania/4983823) (LN3) (980k) and [MisomyL - Coming*True!!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325139#mania/4983838) (HB1) (972k) were mesmerizing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Of the many charts ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) has played last weekend, including the show match, their performance on [rejection - Aimai Attitude (feat. Nakamura Sanso)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325129#mania/4983823) (LN3) (980k) and [MisomyL - Coming*True!!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325139#mania/4983838) (HB1) (972k) were mesmerising.
```

- With our jaws wide open from before, we now have space to put in ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904)'s sublime runs on [Himeringo - Kodoku no Kakurenbo (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325113#mania/4983786) (RC1) (974k) and [Nanahoshi Kangengakudan feat. Hatsune Miku - No.39](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325120#mania/4983811) (RC6) (968k) in our mouths.
- Rounding out our carbohydrate-rich osu!mania 7K diet, ::{ flag=KR }:: [yz1155](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2071008) barged in with plenty more spoonfuls of rice with their impressive scores on [BilliumMoto - 100 Carat Smoke Point](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325114#mania/4983791) (RC4) (966k) and [DJ Raisei - T.R.A.P.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325366#mania/4984357) (EX1) (954k).

That said, we want to call back some of the most impressive scores we witnessed throughout the tournament! Even in earlier rounds, we got to witness some of the best performances of the entire tournament.

> - ::{ flag=CN }:: [af-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10512663) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686) surprised everyone in [Round of 32](/news/2025/2025-01-24-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap.md) with their 991+k scores in [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1). These scores in the LN inverse category were *arguably* one of the best ones in the category throughout the entire tournament!

Reviewer 2: not just one

```suggestion
- ::{ flag=CN }:: [af-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10512663) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686) surprised everyone in the [Round of 32](/news/2025/2025-01-24-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap.md) with their 991k+ scores on [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1). These scores in the LN inverse category were *arguably* the best ones in the category throughout the entire tournament!
```

> - And why were the previous scores *arguably* the best? Well, that's because the crown of the jewel had to be ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s run during [Round of 16](/news/2025/2025-01-31-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-16-recap.md) on [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1) with its 994,000+ full combo score, rivaling even the best of scores in other categories!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- And why were the previous scores *arguably* the best? Well, that's because the crown of the jewel had to be ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s run during the [Round of 16](/news/2025/2025-01-31-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-16-recap.md) on [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1) with its 994k+ full combo score, rivaling even the best of scores in other categories!
```

- Last but not least, ::{ flag=KR }:: [dressurf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406) technical prowess was showcased on [The Flashbulb - Six Acid Strings](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318102#mania/4964713) (RC4) during the [Semifinals](/news/2025/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap.md) with an amazing score of 991k.

> It's worth mentioning that highlighting the best of the best scores is no easy task. If it were by us, all scores would need to be highlighted!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Again, highlighting the best of the best scores is no easy task. If we could, we'd highlight them all!
```

Given the opportunity, I would be happy to work with CrewK again or collaborate with other designers of the World Cup Design Team.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11488604" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/CrewK.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11488604">CrewK</a></p>

I believe that one of the biggest advantages of collaborative work is the ability to complement each other's strengths and weaknesses, ultimately improving the overall quality of the final product.

This applies not only to brainstorming as I mentioned earlier, but also to the ability to give and receive technical feedback, which I found to be incredibly valuable.

</div>

---

> Hopefully the interviews we had throughout the last couple of months gave everyone a glimpse into the tournament's inner workings. None of this would've been possible without the [team](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K#organisation) who arranged the tournament, the [players](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K#participants) who gave their all, and you — the community who supported both throughout the tournament's runtime!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hopefully the interviews we had throughout the last couple of months gave everyone a glimpse into the tournament's inner workings. None of this would've been possible without the [team](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K#organisation) that arranged the tournament, the [players](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K#participants) who gave their all, and you — the community who supported both throughout the tournament!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-03-02-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-concludes/mwc7k2025-credits.png)

> We want to extend our heartfelt thanks to everyone involved into making this possible. And for as much as it pains us to say it, we'll have to tune out till next year! But fret not, as the World Cups will go on. The osu!taiko World Cup 2025 is right around the corner, so make sure to keep an eye out for it!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We want to extend our heartfelt thanks to everyone involved in making this possible, and as much as it pains us to say it, we'll have to tune out untill next year! Nevertheless, the World Cups will go on. The osu!taiko World Cup 2025 is right around the corner, so make sure to keep an eye out for it!
```
